clearly cops hate we're still 18 wars
why were they here they responded to a
robbery
people gonna rap 660 pounds of coke
you drive a BMW door to the job did you
bring just one other guy with you did
you only take 50 keys to see the dumb
locked or set up to shoot us
automatic weapons settings Attila to
killer
I refuse
to allow these families to be
traumatized with trials and appeals and
parole hearings I'm asking you to
protect them from that I understand
everything about these guys has been
confident so far
close the island for Island been had the
21 bridges and shut him down three
rivers closing for Tony's welcome
yeah version of this but he's to one
foul
no this makes sense because it avoids us
this whole thing is filthy what's going
on here
consumer trying to see al
these cops live in the city that
actively dislikes them
the city they still protect with their
lives I just need the truck you go down
this road you're on your own
you do wrong dear friend but he does not
bear the sword in pain these berries are
back on the wrongful cops or criminals
oh your heads
I will find you
[Music]